extend docs on cross workspace auth (#3780)
kcp-dev/kcp: docs/content/concepts/authorization/authorizers.md

  name: cluster-admin
```

By default, workspaces are only accessible to a subject if they are in `Ready` phase. Workspaces that are initializing
can be accessed only by subjects who are granted `admin` verb on the `workspaces/content` resource in the
parent workspace.

ServiceAccounts declared within a workspace don't have access to content of initializing workspaces.

##### Cross-Workspace

Subjects who do not originate from the workspace the request is being made to and are not global kcp
users, are only visible as identity `system:anonymous` with groups `system:authenticated` and
`system:cluster:<logical-cluster-id>`. The `<logical-cluster-id>` refers to the ID (not the human
readable path) of the logicalcluster, which is backing the workspace the identity originates from.
This applies to both Users and ServiceAccounts.

Returning to our previous example, if `user-1` is part of a workspace that is backed by the

> logicalcluster `abcdefgh12345678`, we can create the following binding to give all subjects from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logical cluster `abcdefgh12345678`, we can create the following binding to give all subjects from
``` 
Now I'm a bit less firm that we always use `logical cluster` instead of `logicalcluster` :D I was under the impression it is `logical cluster`.
